First Level:
The Player Objective is to Find his way from the First door to the Second which are marked as 2 brown rectangles with the Player starting at One
and attempting to reach the 2nd one.
The Player has to collect a key which is a yellow key in the level to open the second door to be able to proceed to level 2 .
The player has the main camera moving with him which contains text simulating player speech most importantly infortmation about if you have picked up the
key .
Also in the camera there are 2 white circles moving along with it as indicators of the lives of the player. When the lives run out you will have to restart
the level.
The are also boundary walls around this level some which have been set to reset the scene for a better start to avoid player falling infinitely or being 
stuck.
The Player has to avoid a cannon which has is shooting from one side as a static enemy if a ball touches the player he will lose a life and the scene will 
reset.
There is also another static obstacle which is lava marked as a red block at the lower part of the level which will also take a life when the player comes 
in to contact with the block.
There is a Ladder marked as a grey block which the player can use to move upwards or downwards .
There are blue platforms made bouncy to assist the player reach platforms.
There is a orange and purple and grey platforms which are there as platforms left for the Player to utilise to get through the level.

For level 2:
At the second level you gain abilities as dash to the left(Press Q), dash to the right(Press E), 
Shooting left(Left Mouse Button) Shooting right(Right Mouse Button)
Left Shift - to speed up
A - moove left, D - moove right
gain keys to get lvl, with each lvl you gain speed, it is needed 4 keys to get new lvl
You can see all the information about your current lvl and speed 
You can kill enemies, they are bad
Enemies have 1 health, while Player has 2
When you receive dmg from lava and enemies your character get red shape 
Red trigger button in the end increase speed of enemy
Climb ladder - Press W S



